任务：帮我设计游戏的经济体系，以及游戏数据的存储文件game_save.json，要记录所有建筑物的升级，以及玩家MP和coins的产生和消耗. 把完整的设计写到economy.txt， 所有的数据存入game_save.json.

游戏一开始，给玩家: MP= 10, Coins = 30.

Level 1 temples generate XT amount of coins per hour. Need 10 workers to operate.
Temples will upgrade to YT levels, (max at 25) each upgrade increases X by PT percentage.
So far I have 2 temples. May need more in the future.


Level 1 hotels generate XH amount of coins per hour. Need 10 workers to operate.
hotels will upgrade to YH levels, (max at 25) each upgrade increases XH by PH percentage.
So far I have 1 hotel. May need more in the future.


Level 1 restaurants generate XR amount of coins per hour. Need 10 workers to operate.
Restaurants will upgrade to YR levels,(max at 25)  each upgrade increases XR by PR percentage.
So far I have 1 restaurant. May need more in the future.


Level 1 Workers House will host XW=50 workers. Need 10 workers to operate. Workers House Consumes CW amount of MP(Magic Power) every hour.
Workers House will upgrade to YW levels, (max at 25) each upgrade increases XW by PW percentage.
So far I have 1 Workers House. May need more in the future.


In each temple, there are 5 structures that can be upgraded.
From level 0 to level 1, the upgrade for each structure would cost Ct1, Ct2, Ct3, Ct4, Ct5 amount of coins. Going to the next level, the cost will increase by upgrade_cost_temple.

In each hotel, there are 5 structures that can be upgraded.
From level 0 to level 1, the upgrade for each structure would cost Ch1, Ch2, Ch3, Ch4, Ch5 amount of coins. Going to the next level, the cost will increase by upgrade_cost_hotel.

In each restaurant, there are 5 structures that can be upgraded.
From level 0 to level 1, the upgrade for each structure would cost Cr1, Cr2, Cr3, Cr4, Cr5 amount of coins. Going to the next level, the cost will increase by upgrade_cost_restaurant. 

MP will be generated by Prayer’s Wheel (zjt.py), the level of the temples adds buff to the amount of MP generated per minute. Initially, player only need to spin the wheel for 1 minutes per day to generate enough MP for the buildings to operate. When buildings get to level 5, let’s increase it to 2 minutes. When buildings get to level 10, increase to 3 minutes. When building gets to level 20, increase to 4 minutes. When building gets to level 25, increase to 5 minutes. 

The level of the island is equal to the lowest building level. The level would determine the spawning speed of the characters at each map, and moving speed of the characters. Both speeds increase by 5% each time the island levels up. 
Show Island level at the Top Left corner on the mainmap in mainmap.py.



修改这些文件，当我们Load main_game.py, temple1.py, temple2.py，hotel1.py, apt1.py, zjt.py, restaurant的时候，先读一下game_save.json, 里面是存有游戏的进度，各个建筑的等级。游戏界面的上部，显示当前 mp 和 Coin的数值。
每次有建筑物升级的时候，也要实时写入game_save.json.
